Hello, freak bitches.
Is it? Yeah, that's a fat from today.
Is this just now? Today? Oh, that be today.
This is getting all along this as long.
As he's. Okay. Listen, we didn't come to a conclusion.
We didn't decide what you be. My dad.
Drunk. Yeah.
But you have to beat his dad to be drunk and you have to do it in six hours and
26.
Minutes, 20 minutes, 26, 27 dont have the exact.
Time for, I think we don't have any stake in this, like physically. Yeah.
I'm I'm uncomfortable with that. Cause I feel like we're bullying.
No, no, no reward. If you can do it. No, there's no reward. We'll.
Talk about it later guys. We have to figure this out.
Do you think we up on the last one by not having any? Yeah, for sure.
Yes. For sure. I'll I I say we'll chip in and get you that Bob,
if you could do it.
On my own motorcycle, listen, my wife doesn't listen to my podcast. Right?
Get you that grill.
Oh, Jesus.
Christ. Your listen to my podcast. Be.
We're wrapping up right now. Yeah. I'm gonna have a drink. Does your wife,
what the have you been?
Listen. There's no way your wife is gonna listen. This deep in this is my yeah.
How about we? The, the bed is for the motorcycle. No, we're good.
And we keep that here. No could hide it. You could hide it. Bird.
No ask. Then you could,
can you imagine in a few years riding with your daughters? Yeah.
I can't wait open road. Bob's only one seat already. Her. No.
I mean she's also motorcycling. Yeah.
You guys are badass parent parent daughter.
Yes, dude. That's awesome.
The rush that you would feel if you survived would almost be worth it.
So we gotta get that motorcycle for you. Yeah, yeah. Yeah.
6 26 the Friday after Thanksgiving. Sure.
The longest you gotta think like Melissa Eridge.
How about a drink? Every two miles. No, wait, hold on. Hold on.
Melissa. E only the convinced you guys,
she's not gonna die every time she gets on a plane. You gotta feel like that.
Every time you get on that barber.
We're talking about three different conversations.
Is Melissa Etheridge alive or not?
<laugh> has she been in a plane crash or not?
By the way,
this is exactly how that last podcast we got up without realizing anything.
What? Yeah, we got out without anything. And then the be was started. Yeah,
but it was great.
It was great. Okay. Let's wrap it up in two minutes.
Should we all run this marathon together? No, that's.
Impossible. No, it's possible. Oh, it's impossible. Pu I already know.
I can never do it.
All. Drunk, drunk and stoned. This is what we did.
We do something incredibly physically intensive, but we do it hammered.
I mean hammered. If we're doing it as a group on yeah, I'm in, that'd be fun.
This is what I'm saying, but I'm not gonna run I'm we have to drink a shot.
Every two and a half miles. I feel lot.
A double. No one has a tolerance. Chrysler has I.
Don't care.
<laugh> I'd rather just do we're running drink a Gatorade event wise.
Not a we're jerking off in the bushes. Just you we're.
Run. Yeah, no, one's gonna a marathon. Every we bike next to him.
Every miles, your man, you gotta roller skate.
I'll roller skate, skate five miles. We drink a shot at.
You. You could beat me roller skating through a marathon. Definitely.
If it was flat, if it was flat, of course. Is it flat?
You beat me roller skating on America.
Hold on. We might have a bed. Is it flat?
No. Yeah, of course. It's flat. No it's downhill. No.
I mean, it might be up downhill. Well, how about.
That track? That one. That was a track up and down.
Coast's you don't you, you don't think he could beat you on roller skates.
Cause he's got's you. Who are you?
Why let's let's make the bet. Tom cannot beat me.
You've gotta wear roller skate for.
Wait a minute. On what.
Track can you skate? I got like,
of course I coach, we.
Used, I used to go to roller skating parties, like every other middle.
A speed skater. That's.
That's different than what you're.
Saying, but here's the thing. You run the rollers skate.
So you agree on the same thing, thing or green you're.
Gonna die.
What are whatcha.
Talking about? Lose. Unless he runs outta steam, which is very, how would you.
Win that? This is insane. How would you win? You're quit. Yes.
Cause you'll quit. How would you win that? Quit.
That quit. That's six miles. He you roller skating. Yeah. Yeah.
But wait on, on this. So it.
Easier to walk than roller skate around you ever roller skate around a lap and
you're like, I'm exhausted. I'm gonna take a break for three.
Straight hours. You're gonna do that four straight hours.
That ain't, man. I mean, I've been skating whole.
Life. Oh my God. Oh my God. You're get tired. His ankles will.
Get tired. His will get tired. His thighs will get burnt.
Do.
This. And when he hits the slightest uphill and he's walking it, well,
how we gonna do.
Uphill, man? How we gonna do uphill? I.
Thought it was a flat track. Do.
This track, do this track. Jamie.
The, the Turkey stuff on the long beach.
Beach, like right the.
Marathon on S roller skate, the marathons.
It back to Snoop up. If.
It's uphill, it's slightly uphill and it's.
But it's, if it's on thes so much more exhausting to who? Roller skate. Uphill.
Yeah. Than just.
Yeah, of course by the it's so much easier on the downhill.
If it is slightly uphill, then just slightly.
Downhill. The other way. Skating 26.2 miles 42.2 kilometers is undoubtedly.
Easier than running it.
Undoubtedly easier than running takes in my skating speaker. Hold on.
Roller blades or skates. Okay.
We're talking roller skates. Yeahs. This.
Is roller. This is for.
Roller blade. So I think okay. To cannot roller blade. What's the deal.
Tom cannot.
Blade roll skates, roller skates, roller skates, roller. Okay.
That's not even fair. Key auto key off that's your.
Choice. Roller skates are fair, but roller blades aren't fair.
You would never be. Have you ever seen Brett earns act?
That's roller skating. That's.
Roller skating. Yeah. That guy could beat you in a.
Run. I think you're miss here under hearing me. It's easier.
On roller blade. It is. Yeah. Way, way easier.
Roller skates is the hardest thing. We four wheels roller Tom. Not in mine.
Really? The way. Yeah. Speed skating. They do like.
A, but they go fast on roller blade.
Way too fast.
It's easy. No to I do my, my Uber's here. I call an Uber. How about, how.
About, how about this bet, Tom, if you ares roller skates,
you have to beat him by half. No.
Just beat him. Just beat him. Just beat him. Just beat him. Roller skates.
Just beat our roller.
Skates. Beat him is easy. Beat the real race.
You think he'll quit? He's confident. <laugh>.
You think he'll quit? You're be not quit. Quit. I think Tom will quit.
Do you know I'm going right now to buy another pair of roller skates? <laugh>.
Are you gonna run it outta the land.
To recommend you? Yeah.
I thought this through for me and I wondered if I could beat myself roller
skating a marathon and, and I was like, dude, you're forgetting.
I'm not gonna tell you why I chose the fatigue.
You're you're you're choosing the,
the fatigue is totally different than jogging. Yeah. Like yeah,
you go a little faster and yeah, you get some downhills,
but you also have uphills, bro. I got pink roller.
Skates. Delal ran 238.
Miles and you're telling me you could roller skate.
Those I'm no I'm telling you good point. Well, it's like a mountain it's yeah,
we can't mow any of no way you could roller.
Cause you can't roller skate those possibility.
I think it's I think it's a fair him quitting. It's a real possibility car here.
I'm going home. Start paying him now. We'll.
No, you are, you know, you're.
Gonna listen. You're gonna be roller skates.
You're gonna beat to on roller kids. I think you can. If you don't quit,
you obviously will.
If you don't quit. Ari gets a razor. Yeah. You get a roller.
Skates. Listen, let's not be hasty. This is a long podcast.
Let's think this out. This, this has this real merit to another podcast.
Ours going back to New York. We Skype it. We could Skype it board. Yeah,
we have a Skyper it okay, so we'll Skype. It we'll have uh, every,
the three of us will get together. We'll Skype. Ari in.
We'll put 'em on the big screen. We'll work this out. Oh.
No. This out. We like this. That's special. Now the big screen the Joe ROS do.
This is what I feel. This.
Is what I feel. I feel like the first time it worked out amazing. We, we,
but we didn't really have it ironed out before we ran off to our 15 yoga classes
and our no alcohol and no steaks weed. And we didn't have any stakes.
I think this time let's,
let's give this a time for a bunch of to chime in online, you know, a bunch,
bunch of to sit around and think about devious ways.
We could trick each other to doing something that seems okay.
<laugh> seems good. But you think way more difficult, like bet beat and Tom,
you know,
I'm being so nice by not even suggesting you beating him by running and him on
skates. I'm not even suggesting that. Cause that's just ridiculous.
But I'm thinking maybe like half, maybe half is the root will bet.
He doesn't think Joe doesn't think there's any way you'll lose on roller.
There's.
No way you'll lose. Joe thinks there's no way.
Not only will you not lose by the.
Way him.
You in 15 years easily, you see.
Gonna say two and half straight hours, not quitting in two and a half.
Hours. I don't need to. I'm gonna get him high as.
He's gonna be thinking about the universe asteroids and you think will win
electromagnetic fee.
Listen, if it's it all comes down to whether or not he's gonna tire her out,
he's gonna get high. If he tires out, he's got no heart. You've got no heart.
Every 30.
Yards be there with a vaporizer.
If there's no quit. And Tom, there's no way he won't beat you. I have a, if he,
if he quits, this is your chance. He'll quit. He'll quit. If he doesn't quit.
No one's quitting. Wheels are faster than not wheels. No.
One's quitting. No, no, no, no. I.
Agree. Yeah, but if he, if he quits, which is highly possible, no.
Burke thinks he's holding on some logical linchpin here. Tell us, tell us why,
why you think it it'll definitely.
Go your way. I have many a reason. You have many, a reason, not.
Fatigue related. Who release it after the bed bed one, uh, number one.
One besides Mickey male jeans number, number one.
There's so much more weight on a skate than there is on.
Just to pick up to pick up every time he's gotta go.
He's picking up an extra 10 ounce.
You do get ounce. When you skate the next day,
new muscle muscles are sore muscles. These are muscle.
Muscles, time.
Miles an hour. He has to used them.
You do get sore after you skate for the first time, dude. Yeah. His.
Thighs will be on fire and will be sitting down and the rabbit or the tortoise
will run right past them and go, oh, did you have a good time rabbit?
Did you chase the you're.
The Tor, right? Yeah. You're Burtle the turtle. I'm Burtle the turtle. Yeah.
TLE the turtle verse to Tommy.
Skates. We will follow up on this. Oh, I think you watch the way he.
Exits.
Like he's you'll get.
Beat. So do it now. Oh my God. You need do beat.
So badly. Get.
You together. Just no know half my bet was ridiculous. Can't trying to be.
Even, can you can't you think you're gonna beat wheels, dude,
think you're gonna be wheels.
Listen, the first Anton.
I up. Yeah, take off. And I'll be like, ha like glide. You.
Would be like the glide and pass and go see.
A fool. Just holding onto my shirt. As I jog you.
Pass each other each other on the same, on the same track. You pass,
he get ahead in the beginning and you'd be like, Hey, I'm on four laps.
How many you on? Right?
Can some rollers skating? People reach out. I gotta get ready.
There's no chance.
There's let him get ready. I gotta.
There's no chance. My car's here.
There's no Thomas.
Car. I can't listen. Goodnight, everybody.